docs: Update version-history.md for v1.24 [skip buildkite] (#6782)
ddev/ddev: version-history.md

This version history has been driven by what we hear from our wonderful community of users. Please share your comments or ideas in the [issue queue](https://github.com/ddev/ddev/issues). We listen. Or talk to us in any of the [support locations](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/#support).

## v1.24 (Released 2024-12)

> - [x] PHP 8.4, PHP 8.3 becomes default version on new projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Added PHP 8.4. PHP 8.3 is default for new projects
```

- [x] NodeJS 22 becomes default

> - [x] Extensive support for matching `mysql`, `mariadb`, and `pq` clients so the client matches the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [x] Extensive support for matching `mysql`, `mariadb`, and `psql` clients so the client matches the server.
```

- [x] MariaDB 11.4 LTS support

> - [x] Traditional Windows ARM64 (Windows Copilot) support

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what 'Windows Copilot' has to do with this?

Author: Most of those ARM64 computers of the current generation are labeled "Windows Copilot". However, since that will likely be obsolete before anybody reads this...

```suggestion
- [x] Traditional Windows ARM64 support
```

- [x] `ddev_version_constraint` option added for both `config.yaml` and Add-on `install.yaml`
- [x] `ddev get` changed to `ddev add-on get`
- [x] Traefik router is default, and supports hosting mode, with Let's Encrypt.
- [x] `ddevcd` command allows easy switching between project directories
- [x] `nginx-proxy` router type removed
- [x] `python` and `django4` project types removed
- [x] `ddev auth ssh` can be used with individual files and against symlinks.
- [x] 25% smaller `ddev-webserver` Docker image

> - [x] `drupal` project type introduced as an alias for latest-stable Drupal version

Reviewer 3: strictly speaking, the project type `drupal` was already introduced in, was it 1.23.0(?), wouldn't it be more accurate to use something like "becomes"?

Author: This is taking v1.24 as a whole, all the things from v1.23.1 up to v1.24.0, so the detail doesn't matter much.

> - [x] `ddev service enable` and `ddev service disable` commands removed in favor of `ddev add-on` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] `ddev service enable` and `ddev service disable` commands deprecated in favor of `ddev add-on` commands.
```

#6749 has it depreciated.

> - [x] Only limited locales are now included by default in `ddev-webserver`, all locales can be enabled with `webimage_extra_packages: [locales-all]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Reduced number of locales included by default in `ddev-webserver`, all locales can be enabled with `webimage_extra_packages: [locales-all]`
```

> - [x] Only limited locales are now included by default in `ddev-webserver`, all locales can be enabled with `webimage_extra_packages: [locales-all]`

Reviewer 3: would it make sense to combine line 26 and 23... thematically those two belong together and are interconnected? and that part "...by default in `ddev-webserver`" feels incomplete and also somehow missing what `ddev-webserver` actually is (Docker image), something that was provided for lines 23?

Author: From the user's perspective they are different things. User doesn't much care *why* it's smaller. User does care what to do if their favorite locale isn't there any more.
